Update nsx-marketing-consent.mdx (#663)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: src/content/docs/components/nsx-marketing-consent.mdx

    <ExampleViewer type="standard" />
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Custom">

>   The heading and first paragraph may be customised to suit requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The heading and first paragraph may be customised if the default content is not suitable.
```
